Dactyl Chimera V3 is here! 

If you've been waiting for V2, don't worry, you didn't miss anything. V2's "improvements" went down worse than a toilet with a rocket launcher, so it never saw an official release. To avoid confusion, I've rolled the naming scheme over to V3.

But what does Dactyl Chimera actually do?

It's made for 3D printing! Each column is printed out separately, then screwed into a base plate.

It's adjustable! Since we're screwing things together, you can just slide them around or add shims between pieces before clamping everything down.

It supports MX and Choc V1 switches! MX switches have enough space for full 19 mm by 19 mm PCBs; that means hotswap sockets and RGB backlighting. Choc switches are too thin for PCB support, unfortunately.

Ready-to-use QMK firmware with Vial support! (but only for Proton-C.) Vial allows you to make drag-and-drop adjustments your keyboard layout without re-flashing your microcontrollers. It's not my software; I can't take credit for it.

Wire management with *The Conductor!* Inspired by my grandfather's model train sets, the conductor is an array of screws that bridges the switch board with the microcontroller. You can remove any column with no soldering, simply by loosening the appropriate connections.

A dedicated build guide and Matrix Space! FreeCAD is "easy" (after a year of related classes at your local technical college) so I'd be happy to take feedback and take assistance. https://matrix.to/#/#dactyl-chimera-center:matrix.org

Feeling intimidated? Just print the default STL files and GO! Dactyl Chimera matches the default spacing of the (original Dactyl OR Dactyl Manuform).


Dactyl Chimera is not perfect for every use case:
It's NOT a portable keyboard. I mean, c'mon, there are literally wires dangling from the underside. Throwing this thing in a backpace is a recipe for disaster.
It's NOT cheaper than any other Dactyl. It uses more screws and more wires, 
It's NOT a leap forwards in ergonomics. I have not studied hand anatomy; my only goal was to take an existing shape and improve the process of building it.
It has NOT been approved by The GamersTM. My iGPU Ryzen runs Warframe at 30 FPS, and my laptop runs at 90 degrees Celsius. I'm too proud of my creation to try and mash it.


And there will be more improvements:
- Void switch support?
- Joystick thumb cluster?
- A sixth row?
- ZMK firmware?
Of course, you can help make these improvements a reality by *doing them for me*, because Dactyl Chimera is open source. 




V3 brings some cool new features to the party:
- Easy screw access! The keyboard's side walls have been elimindated, Further reducing and allowing side access to any screw.
- The conductor! Inspired by my grandfather's model train sets, the conductor uses an array of screws to manage the bridge from switches to microcontroller.
- Even faster 3D printing! The rack has been split into three parts has solved V1's biggest, slowest component.
- QMK and Vial functionality. (but currently only for the QMK Proton-C.)
- MX and Choc switch support. Although, only MX switches work with RGB or hotswap. Choc is just too low-profile for a 3D printed frame. (also I don't own any Choc switches.)
- A detailed build guide! The Dactyl Chimera is made in FreeCAD, so experience with OpenSCAD will not help you. For specific questions or suggestions, there is also a Matrix Space. https://matrix.to/#/#dactyl-chimera-center:matrix.org

Notes on other things...
- This is not meant to look pretty. 

For up-to-date info or to build your own, visit the GitHub page: https://github.com/WolfIcefang/dactyl-chimera-keyboard/



This design (and spreadsheet modeling technique) was inspired by the [Squeezebox keyboard](https://peterlyons.com/problog/2021/04/squeezebox-keyboard/). Side note: Dactyl Chimera doesn't work with Kailh Choc switches.

... is NOT meant to look pretty. A side effect of screw-together parts and open walls is, in fact, visible screws and dangling wires. I think of this keyboard as a "test bench", helpful for prototyping different column shapes before (or instead of) committing to a solid-walled build. Embrace the jank.
... NOT portable. Once again, without walls, DC isn't as sturdy as a regular dactyl. Don't throw it in your backpack. Being bound to the desktop also let me justify making the keyboard absolutely massive.
... is NOT cheaper. You'll still be printing the same amount of plastic, just in smaller steps.
... is NOT a leap forwards in ergonomics. It's a Dactyl with the thumb cluster of a Corne. The purpose is to improve the production process of an existing design.

... WILL have different types of thumb clusters. Creating a swap-in joystick module was actually my original goal for this whole design. Side rant, it's not "hot swapping"! You're not swapping the switches while the keyboard is plugged in! (a.k.a. while the "lines are hot"). If anything, it should be called "cold swapping" because you don't use a soldering iron!
... WILL be much easier to personalize. In future versions you'll be able to open up FreeCAD's spreadsheet workbench, type in your hand size, and get a parameterized keyboard as reliably as https://dactyl.siskam.link/lightcycle (number of keys will not be adjustable because I don't know how to do that.) The current version of DC has a spreadsheet page, but changing most of the numbers just breaks the model instantly.
... WILL support mounts for an OLED display and a microcontroller tray. Yeah, the current version... doesn't have that.
... WILL have a build guide! For now, join the 
... WILL get ported to SolveSpace. Eventually.

I'm announcing v1 of Dactyl Chimera today *because* of all the work that still needs to go into it. I'm not a GitHub or QMK expert, I don't even know what brand of screws to recommend in the build guide. I want YOUR help making this keyboard the best it can be, because a chimera made of just one person is really, really boring.
