This is the main order of operations. It needs to be updated; please do not follow it.
Note: Dactyl Maximus was the old name for Dactyl Chimera. I abandoned the Maximus moniker because it was too similar to the popular Dactyl Manuform.

Stages:
Stage 1: announce the project.
Stage 2: learn more about firmware through the Atomic Green Corne.
Stage 3: Learn more about 3d modeling
stage 4: develop the keyboard and develop the guide.

Planning:
   write the list of tasks (this document, lol) - done
   organize Gemini keyboard folder - done
   write the spec sheet for the Dactyl Maximus
   announce the project in Discord

Hardware:
   determine if addressable throughhole RGB is possible - done. use Kompacted RGB with the SK6812 mini-e LED
   find an expert on trackpoint integration
   design a single switch pcb for throughhole RGB, hotswap sockets, and "easy soldering"
   learn about microswitches (for trackpoint keys)
   learn about OLED integration.
   learn about rotary encoder integration
   learn about mouse wheel integration
   learn about thumb stick integration
   learn about different options for easy to solder, easy to connect, highly reusable, and slim plugs (for thumb cluster)
   learn how to give a keyboard that "thock" sound.
   learn about how the dactyl automatically models key switch locations
   learn what advancements have been made with the Dactyl Manuform and Tightyl
   learn about RMTZ's naive (maybe)
   learn 3d modeling
   design a stable grip for Kailh switches
   design a stable grip for Kailh Box switches
   design a stable grip for Kailh Choc switches - check out the GiGi keyboard on HIDTech
   design a stable grip for OUTEMU switches
   find out what other switches aren't compatible with the Dactyl and design variants for them
   choose a single switch PCB for the Maximus EZ guide. (probably the Kompacted RGB which hasn't released yet)
   design the body of the dactyl Maximus
   

Software:
   Get shift+enter working on Atomic Green Keymap
   Install github-connected version of QMK onto the Raspberry Pi and keep it up to date.
      learn GitHub
   get Atomic Green Corne onto the QMK directory with no issues:
      learn what's going wrong with setting individual RGB LEDs on the right half of the board.
      fix RGB matrix lighting by adding a custom effect for myself.
      OPTIONAL: create a userspace version of the keymap.
   Get VIA working on Windows 10 with the Corne
   Get tap dance and Combos working with custom keycodes
   get tap dance and Combos working with VIA
   make the macro control as easy as possible.
   make a system to seamlessly switch between code and GUI within VIA

Guide:
   write the guide for beginners and have other people try it out
   iterate based on user feedback

Marketing:
   Get models in the hands of "influencers"
   spend money on traditional video adverts?
   spread interest via word of mouth
   